ES Definition of Done (DoD) - v1 Sep 2024
General DoD
	1. Code is reviewed and merged
	2. Results are accessible from the ticket
	3. Codename CI (including unittests) is passing
	4. Acceptance criteria fully satisfied
	5. Documented in the right location:
		○ Doxygen, Code
		○ ProtocolSpec
		○ wiki/confluence
		○ PUM, ESHDocs
		○ Jira, Jama
	6. Tested appropriately and fully, other platforms are considered
	7. Tests for the feature created and documented:
		○ HDL/HWSW tests
		○ unittests
	8. Closing comment put in JIRA

Bug Fix DoD
	1. Understand if it is really for ES or a Codename Master Issue (CMI)
	2. Inform appropriate team who created the ticket
	3. Steps to reproduce are in the ticket, issue reproduced
	4. Root cause is found and fixed/documented
	5. Tests to ensure the bug fix is correctly addressed (smoke, desk, unit, etc.)

Verification and Bring-up DoD
	1. Test steps fully defined and up-to-date (Jira, etc.)
	2. Test results documented with clear conclusion (Jira, etc.)
	3. Test should be easy to run with simple steps (else create a new test)

Release DoD (Applicable for ROM/FW releases, licenses, patches)
	1. Release database updated (for ROM, FW, patches)
	2. Release snapshot (for ROM, FW) and artifacts are on Whale
	3. Branch is created and documented (for ROM, FW)
	4. Internal release notes updated on Whale/ESHDocs/wiki
	5. Feature(s) fully tested and results documented (ROM, FW, patch)

Investigation/Concept Work DoD
	1. Include sources where the information was retrieved/found
	2. Peer-reviewed, approved by stakeholders
	3. Conclusion documented (Jira, wiki, confluence, concept doc, etc.) and is accessible for possible audiences and stakeholders
	4. Additional "to be done" work tickets created if needed

Tool Update DoD (Applicable for u-center, OTPHtmlTool, Ctools, etc.)
	1. Smoke tested, with HW if appropriate
	2. CI/tests pass if available
	3. User interface and usability considered
	4. Deployment is updated (manually if no CD)
	5. Other use-cases of the tool are considered and tested

RMA DoD
	1. Root cause is found, steps to reproduce are described
	2. Stakeholders (Customer, AE, etc.) are satisfied with findings
	3. Follow-up ticket created to prevent issue from happening in the future, if possible